[Music]
is a soccer or football I get that
question every day yeah and you know the
tough thing is I don't know my career I
don't know what I play what are you
writing your taxes professional athlete
so that's what I write on my - yeah do
you feel like you could ever really
trust a guy named Spence I know a guy
name is Ben do you I don't trust him so
no if you could banish one piece of
fruit from the fruit cup which would it
be it would be the the green melon that
is correct
it would be the green mouth it's never
ripe enough even if it is ripe enough
it's not that good it's infuriating me
thinking about it and yeah that makes me
feel sorry for the green melon you're
right you know what - the green melon -
the green melon the saddest fruit in the
cup we don't have time for losers though
you're right when there's only Captain
Morgan original spiced rum the answer to
all of life's ridiculous questions
[Applause]